when you're climbing young your mind is
clear feed of all confusion too you have
focus and suddenly the light becomes
sharper and sounds are richer and you
are filled with the deep powerful
presence of life he was a legendary
explorer who set out on an expedition to
the himalayas getting bad we should rope
up and disappear for seven years from
acclaimed director jean-jacques anole
comes the story of one man's remarkable
journey
war tested him
fate challenged him you realize how many
man could survive such an ordeal we
should respect him until he found
himself in a forbidding world his
Holiness the Dalai Lama would like to
meet you
that would change him forever
[Music]
this is not honored to meet you you're
homeless yellow head
yeah the head I would like to learn
about the world you come from for
example where is Paris France and what's
the mode of cocktail and who's Jack the
Ripper
[Music]
put them on repeat to cut meat you put
them on your feet to dance on ice
[Music]
we have to leave Tibet [ __ ] on your
life's a great risk that I've made
arrangements to get you out how can I
help people if I run away from them
if you can imagine a hidden place rich
with all the strange beauty of your
nighttime dreams then you know where I
am Brad Pitt
seven years into
you
[Music]